Add README.md's (#14)
sonjaleo/KinFragLib: notebooks/custom_kinfraglib/README.md

# Custom KinFragLib notebooks
## 1. Custom filtering steps
### `1_1_custom_filters_unwanted_substructures.ipynb`
This notebook filters out unwanted substructures which are defined by PAINS
substructures and/or by the list from Brenk et al.
### `1_2_custom_filters_drug_likeness.ipynb`
This notebook filters out fragments not fulfilling the Rule of Three and the Quantitative Estimate
of Druglikeness (QED), which both reflect the molecular properties of the fragments.
### `1_3_custom_filters_synthesizability.ipynb`
This notebook is filtering the fragments for synthesizability using a buyable building block
filter and the SYnthetic Bayesian Accessibility (SYBA).
### `1_4_custom_filters_pairwise_retrosynthesizability.ipynb`
This notebook is building fragment pairs using only those fragments that passed all custom filtering step.

> Afterwards, it will start a request using the ASKCOS API to check if a one step retrosynthetic route for this pair can be found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, it requests retrosynthesis information using the ASKCOS API to check if a one-step retrosynthetic route for this pair can be found.
```

> Finally, it will compare the children retrieved from ASKCOS with the fragments building the pair. If the fragments are

Reviewer: maybe explain what children refers to in this context

substructures of the children, then they pass this filter.
## 2. Custom filtering pipeline
### `2_1_custom_filters_pipeline.ipynb`

> This notebook compares all the filtering steps explained before and gives the possibility to easily (de-)activate

Reviewer: Does it 'compare' all filtering steps? Or apply all filtering steps?

single filtering steps and modify the parameters.
### `2_2_custom_filters_analysis.ipynb`

> This notebook is analyzing the filtered fragment library and comparing it with the pre-filtered and the reduced set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This notebook is analyzing the custom filtered fragment library and comparing it with the pre-filtered and the reduced fragment set from the previous study.
```
